The Commission' s proposal does not formally deviate from the monopolies ban but the upshot of this proposal is a transition from a ban with permit reservation to a permit with ban reservation.
I do not have time to dwell on the other elusive, moderate - too moderate - features of your programme: the environment, health, justice, transport, security, the reckless enlargement of the Union which provoked criticism from your predecessor, Jacques Delors, the development of the on-line economy, which is one of the many universal remedies for unemployment, and the protection of citizen consumers rather than consumer citizens.
Africa asked Europe for more market access and debt repayment, and got vague pledges in return.
Europe asked Africa to respect human rights more, fight corruption and cease violent conflicts, and got vague pledges in return too.
Independence is language and language is independence.
Last but not least, our most important role is to make sure we have greater accountability and more democracy and that it is not the beginning of the end but the end of the beginning for Parliament's rights in the European institutions.
Just imagine the psychological future of children with two fathers and no mother, or two mothers and no father!
I am absolutely sure that, if we want to bring Europe closer to the citizens and the citizens closer to Europe, there must be a regional dimension to the information policy at all levels, including information relating to the euro.
Do not pick the winners and let the winners pick.
Thirdly - and perhaps this should be the first objective - the projects should principally be aimed at the complete rehabilitation of people and families, because man is not made for the law, but rather law is made for man.
The United States should not be the only country with which we cooperate, but we certainly must cooperate with the United States and with the United States in particular.
The EU should not use the problems among the candidate countries as an excuse to delay its own reforms, while the candidate countries should not use the difficulties of EU internal reforms as an excuse for putting off the reforms they need for full membership.
As we have said before, if there is no problem, the Charter is not a solution and if it is not the solution, then the Charter is a problem.
Finally, our resolution clearly stipulates that it is absolutely essential, in matters of maritime safety, to break out of this downward spiral of widespread irresponsibility, this pernicious system of mutual paralysis wherein States dump responsibility onto the Union, and the Union dumps it on the States, and in the end, the polluters are the only winners.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Poettering spoke here as a group chairman and not as a German.
I am speaking here as a German and as the acting chairman of my group.
Mr Graça Moura, what we need is for non-smokers to respect the rights of smokers and for smokers to respect the rights of non-smokers.
In recent years in Africa, we have not seen a shift from totalitarian regimes to democracy, but quite the contrary - a shift from democracy to totalitarian regimes.
An Austrian citizen is a Portuguese citizen.
A Portuguese citizen is an Austrian citizen.
The Berlin speeches by Foreign Minister Fischer, visionary and controversial, by President Chirac, controversial but not visionary, and by Prime Minister Blair, neither visionary nor controversial, which threaten to overshadow the memory of the Portuguese Presidency, leave certain questions in the mind which the Portuguese Presidency can still help us with.
The Berlin speeches by Foreign Minister Fischer, visionary and controversial, by President Chirac, controversial but not visionary, and by Prime Minister Blair, neither visionary nor controversial, which threaten to overshadow the memory of the Portuguese Presidency, leave certain questions in the mind which the Portuguese Presidency can still help us with.
Mr President, it would seem that a war that was started to end terrorism is turning into a situation where a new terrorism is just starting.
Nor do I want me to win and him to lose.
I do not want him to win and me to lose.

